feat(response-cache): use ETag to use HTTP caching strategy (#2252)
dotansimha/graphql-yoga: .changeset/tame-frogs-shake.md

---
'@graphql-yoga/plugin-response-cache': minor
---

> Use ETag to use HTTP caching

Reviewer: Maybe elaborate a bit more here and also mention `if-none-match`.

This should also be reflected in the docs imho

Author: Added details to the docs, and I put a link in the changeset

---
'@graphql-yoga/plugin-response-cache': minor
---

> Use ETag for HTTP Caching to improve the performance on the client side, also reduce the load on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support `ETag` and `If-None-Match` headers for HTTP Caching to improve the performance on the client side, also reduce the load on the server.
```

> [See here to learn how it works](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/docs/features/response-caching)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn how it works](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/docs/features/response-caching)
```
